Tongtong
You are moving
It can be inconvenient to carry suitcases alone
Brother Xiaoyu and I will send it to you later.
I haven't left yet.
You just want to come in, don't you?
What's the wind?
Since you're leaving, it's good to go
Good gathering and good dispersal are good for everyone
Tongtong, we really want to help you, sorry.
Why is that?
Why choose him?
You're not in the mood to ask if I'm bad for you
OK
You have to listen, right?
I have been married to you for so many years
I've been following you, haven't I?
What kind of bow tie do I want to wear?
It's so big that I follow you in what kind of work I do
I listen to you
Every quarrel is my indulgence
Even if you make mistakes
Even if it's not my fault, I'll apologize to you.
So many years
I've been overwhelmed by your power
I'm tired of living like this
Every day I'm with you
It just sucks.
I feel bad.
Don't pester me anymore, okay?
Are you having a hard time every day with me?
Yeah, but who told me that?
I also hope to love me forever.
I ask you, this diamond ring is from you.
Hahaha, I don't want it anymore.
roll
Ok don't regret it I'll go